[Music]
you guys I don't understand what you're
so mad at me you betrayed us you
cavorted with the enemy
it's getting a massage oh you disgust me
you filthy supporter
ichael or did you do back quietly
ugly so vain and code which states we
stick together we're a family you know
what they were nice to me when my family
wasn't my family dissed me and my sketch
idea and left me sitting alone at a
lunch table
Chad offered his shoulder and I took it
you don't over at the Falls they trust
and support each other to hear that she
called it the Falls the Falls well if
you like the Falls so much why don't you
go back there yeah go over there and
stick your head in there trust and
support Sam well if you want me to then
maybe I will go good got it
so by unanimous vote off the cast of so
random Sonny Monroe is now officially
banned from these top out
[Music]
and initial here
yes now be good
right you have seen the last of Sena
Monroe I mean other than you know the
fact when we perform yeah you see the
last of Sonny Monroe
I forgot my Jack you have seen the last
of Sonny Monroe for the last time you
have seen the last of Sonny Monroe I say
good day